do you know who you welcomed into your
home yeah we embrace it mrs. Ternan hi
I'm John pleased to meet you mr. Turner
we have a beautiful home she is a
godsend
I was expecting someone older less weird
we hope you'll treat our house is your
home I'm sure you and Jericho will form
an instant bond
[Music]
she's good with everything she knows the
situation I guess we should talk about
this she's gone you can put the dog down
I'm fine as I am mr. Jenner
you lost Jericho when he was 13 weeks
darzee took it hard this is the only
thing that brought her back
I should take Jericho for a walk now
[Applause]
you hired a nanny for a doll did you
find her
she is wonderful with Jericho and if my
baby trust her so do i how much did
those boys tell you about what happened
what if she wakes up
what have humor members
[Music]
do you know who you welcomed into your
home
[Music]
you